Avoid export default (#71)
wwnorton/style: guides-website/docs/typescript-style.md

	};
}
```

## Import / Export

- **Avoid export default**

> > We should avoid export default as the provide maintainability concerns. You can read more up about this topic in [Typescript Deep Dive - Avoid Export Default](https://basarat.gitbook.io/typescript/main-1/defaultisbad)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Avoid `export default` in TypeScript because of the maintainability and <abbr title="Developer experience">DX</abbr> issues outlined in [Typescript Deep Dive - Avoid Export Default](https://basarat.gitbook.io/typescript/main-1/defaultisbad).
```

Example: 

```ts

> class Foo {

Reviewer: When using examples that require multiple files, I recommend including a comment on the first line that names the file for clarity.

```ts
// foo.ts
class Foo {
}
export default Foo;
```

```ts
// bar.ts
import Foo from "./foo";
```
